So this game looks like you've won.
Did I hear that?
King Quang Lang again admitted defeat.
Yes, unexpectedly on the battlefield said one-of-a-kind, invincible, Quang Lang King also admitted defeat.
Let's think about our comfort first.
We were not inferior to the Hundred Lu reinforcements just now.
Now people are rising.
International students
I'm afraid the first liquidators will be us.
What to do?
Congratulations to the second brother of international development
I just told you.
My business intentions are very shallow.
I have two witnesses today.
I can rest assured.
I only get back what belongs to me.
But...
I've ruined your plan.
You don't think I'm standing in your way?
Li is not serious about promoting luck.
Let's go.
Yenquyen, I will also report first.
Just now, you are not feeling that I am a white body.
Not worthy of your family.
They want me out of here.
Now...
Do you have anything to say?